{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 1.) What is your game about?**\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A deadly world bested by underdogs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 2.) What do the characters do?**\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 React to their surroundings and work together to not perish to overwhelming forces\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 3.) What do the players (including the GM if there is one) do?**\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Discuss a situation where each works to make explicitly the other players have a cool moment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 4.) How does your setting (or lack thereof) reinforce what your game is about?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marrow Ing is fucked. Light, fast enemies and character\u8217's\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 5.) How does the Character Creation of your game reinforce what your game is about?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Weak stats, few abilities at first (only reactive actions at start as special stuff)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 6.) What types of behaviors/styles of play does your game reward (and punish if necessary)?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Rewards combination of abilities and movement and creative application of skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 7.) How are behaviors and styles of play rewarded or punished in your game?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 AP costs, success chance\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 8.) How are the responsibilities of narration and credibility divided in your game?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Evenly?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 9.) What does your game do to command the players\u8217' attention, engagement, and participation? (i.e.\u160 ?What does the game do to make them care?)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lethality and reactive actions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 10.) What are the resolution mechanics of your game like?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 System\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 11.) How do the resolution mechanics reinforce what your game is about?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Dice pool size == help\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 12.) Do characters in your game advance? If so, how?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 New actions, perks. Rarely dice pool increases. Even rarer skilling\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 13.) How does the character advancement (or lack thereof) reinforce what your game is about?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 14.) What sort of product or effect do you want your game to produce in or for the players?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 15.) What areas of your game receive extra attention and color? Why?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 16.) Which part of your game are you most excited about or interested in? Why?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 17.) Where does your game take the players that other games can\u8217't, don\u8217't, or won\u8217't?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 18.) What are your publishing goals for your game?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 19.) Who is your target audience?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Tiny dipshit Any target larger than you counts as climbable for you.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Vaulter Your jump distance is tripled in any direction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lucky Your Luck increases by 1.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Way too Lucky When rolling a skill challenge with Luck you are always considered skilled in the challenge. If you fail the challenge you are considered to have not succeeded any of the dice throws.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ready You cannot be suprised.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Deep with the Bones You learn two marrowing spells.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Strong Skin Requirement: Body 3 Your hit points increase by 20.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Strong Bones Requirement: Body 5 The damage you take from marrowing incantations is halfed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Experienced Requirement: Experienced 4 You are skilled in 2 additional talents.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Rapid Requirement: Speed 3 Your action point maximum increases by 2.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nimble Footing Requirement: Speed 3 You are able to spend 1 Action Point to move 5 feet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Kiting Requirement: Speed 4 Any attack rolls made against you while the attacker is staggered are made at +5 difficulty.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Energetic Requirement: Speed 4 At the start of your turn you regain half of your used Action Points\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Wallrunning Requirement: Speed 5 You can run up vertial surfaces during your turn. You are only affected by gravity during this if you want to or as soon as your turn ends.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Cleaver Requirement: Force 3 If you reduce a target\u8217's armor points to 0 using a melee attack, if there are any remaining successes you may attack a second target within range using the remaining successes. You may repeat this until you have used all successes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Actually left handed Requirement: Impression 2 When taking an attack action with a one handed weapon, you may impose difficulty on the attack equal to your impression dice pool size. Your next attack against the same target has a difficulty reduction equal to double your impression dice pool size. For this effect to take place you need to swap the main weapon hand.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Totally a traitor Requirement: Impression 3 Whenever you roll an attack challenge against someone you consider an ally, you may impose difficulty on the attack equal to your impression dice pool size. Any opposed target that witnesses this, considers you an ally until you attack them or their friends. When one of these fooled targets ends their movement within range for an attack of you, you may take a reactive action, that cannot be preventively reacted to.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Concealment Requirement: Impression 4 You are able to conceal any non-heavy weapon convincingly. (By a method of your choice)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Sympathetic Requirement: Impression 5 Any skill challenges opposed to you, happen at +2 difficulty.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Attack of opportunity: (Preventive Action)[Costs AP according to the weapon used] - You attack the target once before they take a move action. Parry: (Preventive Action) [Costs AP according to the weapon used] * You give up all sense of positioning and parry the incoming attack action of an attacker. Make an attack with a melee weapon you are holding. The attack is at disadvantage by the size of the inital attacks dice pool. Each success cancels out one success of the inital attack. * If the inital attack has no successes left, treat your own attack as dealing damage as usual. * If the inital attack has successes left, the attack is treated as if you do not have armor points and deals damage to hit points. Just Don\u8217't: (Preventive Action) [4AP] - You decrease the successes of an incoming attack by one for every success in an (Impression - Convince) skill challenge by yourself.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Waiting strike: (Reactive Action) - You attack the target once after they took a move action. Retaliating strike: (Reactive Action) - You attack the target once after they took an attack action. Persue: (Reactive Action) [2-6 AP] - Take a move action after the target took a move action. Reposition: (Reactive Action) [2-6 AP] - Take a move action after the target took an attack action. Help: (Reactive Action) [4 AP] * Take the Help Action for a target that is within arms reach of you and you are able to communicate with. Panic: (Reactive Action) [3 AP] - React to any action being taken in a minor way that does not last longer than a second.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Covered Sprint: (Reactive Action) [2 AP] - if the target other than yourself takes a movement action - the target is able to move double the distance it paid for and has a temporary bonus armor point\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Parry Persue Covered Sprint\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Force * How much force can be brought to your actions. Be it by strength or speed. Body * The strain your body can take before failing. Speed * The speed you move with Intelligence * Your knowledge and general logical reasoning. Feel * Your connection to everything around you. (Improv roll) Experience * Life experience cummulated into presient actions Impression * The way you impress on other people.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Add two boxed lines 1-20 that mark skilled and unskilled standard dcs and all possible advantages/disadvantages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Luck Counter - Luck max\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Every Base stat starts with one point. You can distribute 10 points on any of the base stats up to a maximum of 5 points in a single stat. (3 is average for a normal human)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your health points are equal to your body stat times 20(?).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your armor points are equal to your body plus speed stat. If you have a dicepool in the skill \u8220"tactics\u8221" you add that one as well.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your starting Luck stat (before modifications) is 3.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your new character is [[skilled]] in two [[Weapon|weapons]], one [[profession]] and two [[Talent|talents]].\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You know the reactive actions \u8220"Reposition\u8221" and \u8220"Help\u8221".\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You may choose one type of additional reactive action or choose a marrowing incantation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Higher Level Creation: - Distribute 4 additional points into base stats. - Choose 2 Abilities. - Choose 3 additional reactive actions or marrowing incantations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Luck is an 8th base stat that is different than the others. It is tracked seperately and can\u8217't be modified at character creation, besides via feats.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 When rolling any skill check or attack roll you can spend one point of your Luck to turn one failed d20 into a success.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It is also possible to use Luck like a normal base stat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You are (generally) not able to easily regain Luck.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Having a profession [[Skilled|skilled]] is what your charakter has been doing their whole life. This can be normal jobs like carpenter or baker, or general descriptions of ways to make a living like thief, dungeon delver or acrobat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Whenever you participate in a [[Skill Challenges|skill challenge]] you may call upon your experiences and use your profession dice pool for the challenge, instead of using the base attribute dice pool determined by the DM.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 One can be skilled in an [[Profession]], [[Talent]] or [[Weapon]]. Being skilled in something lowers the DC to succeed with a diceroll to 8, instead of the usual 13.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 3d (skilled) = avg 1.95 Successes 3d (unskilled) = avg 1.20 Successes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 function: evaluate ROLL:s \{ SUCCESSES: ROLL >= 8 if SUCCESSES > 0 \{ result: SUCCESSES\} result: 0 \}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 loop DICE over \{1..6\} \{ output [evaluate DICE d20] named \u8220"[DICE]d\u8221" \}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Having a talent [[Skilled|skilled]] is what your charakter has been doing for a long time on the side or is naturally talented in. This can be a hobby or leisure excercise like public speaking, drawing or playing darts, or can be bodily training like running, climbing or wrestling.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Whenever you participate in a [[Skill Challenges|skill challenge]] you may call upon your talent and use your talent dice pool for the challenge, instead of using the base attribute dice pool determined by the DM.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Awareness - How aware you are of your surroundings Breach * How easily you can get access to a space that is locked, barred or off limits * You can be skilled in this talent more than once * You need to specify your preferred way of entry. Disadvantage if tried another way Medicine - Medical Knowledge and experience in wounds and illnesses Convince * Either by physical intimidation, lying, threats or persuasion. Knowledge - Knowledge in a specific field of academic study - You can be skilled in this talent more than once - You need to specify your preferred way of entry. Disadvantage if a different field is asked Tactics - Knowledge about mentality of people in combat situations and how they will react and how to best work against that Marrow (Arcana) - Connection to everything supernatural/arcane/magical Fitness - Ability in any sport related activities {\strike Focus} - {\strike Melee attakcs with weapons, unarmed or magic} {\strike Aim} - {\strike Ranged attacks with weapons or magic}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Having a weapon [[Skilled|skilled]] determines what fighting styles or weapons your character is able to utilize in combat. Skill in a weapon expresses long training with said weapon, and often is integral to the character of its wielder.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Being skilled in a weapon defines the DC to achieve a success in an [[Attacks|Attack]] Roll in combat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Small weapon: 1d20 Medium weapon: 2d20 Large Weapon: 3d20 Giant Weapon: 4d20\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Dagger: 1d20 3AP Shortsword: 2d20 4AP Greathammer: 4d20 6AP\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx1421\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx2842\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx3279\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4591\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Name\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Action Points\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Dice\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Base Stat\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Attributes\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Dagger\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 1d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Wounding (1)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Shortsword\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 -\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Katana\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Wounding (1)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Longsword\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Whip\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Ranged (10)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Chain-whip\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Ranged (10), Bludgeoning\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Greathammer\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 6 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Two Handed (+4), Heavy\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Hunting Bow\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 5 Ap\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Two Handed (+5), Heavy, Ranged (150)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 War Bow\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 6 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Force\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Two Handed (+7), Heavy, Ranged (1000)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Bone Club\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 5 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Intelligence\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Marrow\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Hair Veil\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 0d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Feel\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Weirding\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx1421\cellx2842\cellx3279\cellx4591\cellx8637
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Bone Necklace\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 3 AP\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2d20\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Experience\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Marrow, Ranged (60)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Special attributes:} - Bludgeoning: Ignores armor points, but the target can cast any marrowing invocation as a reactive action, using the succeses of the attack. - Heavy: You are only able to carry a single heavy weapon. - Marrow: When this weapon breaks, a marrowing wraith appears. (not good) - Ranged (X): You can attack with this weapon inside the range of X feet. - Single Blade: - Tripping: Trips the target until the end of the round. - Two Handed (+X): If you only use one hand to wield this weapon you have +X difficulty. - Weirding. Targets hit with this weapon are unable to take reactive actions for the rest of the round. - Wounding (X): A succesful attack deals damage straight to hit points equal to a roll of Xd20. X successes get removed from the success pool.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\strike Gain 3 Actions at the start of each round}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Gain 10* Action Points at the start of each round\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Modified by the size of your \u8220"\u8221" dice pool\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab You have to use all your remaining actions on your turn - Or: all unused actions disappear at the end of your turn\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab [[Action Types]]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Each action can be taken as a reactive action instead of an action on your turn ([[Taking reactive actions]])\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Action Types} - [[Attacks|Attack]] Action - Movement Action - Dash (2 AP): Move 10 feet. - Move (6 AP): Move 30 feet. - Sprint (5 AP): Move 50 feet in a straight line. - Casting Spells(?) - Using Abilities\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b To hit}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Roll a number of d20 - Determined by the attack type, weapon/ability, magical effects in play and help by others\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The armor of the enemy determines how many successes are needed to deal damage\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A success is a dice roll that meets or succeeds 15. If you are skilled in the weapon you wield the DC to beat is 10 instead.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Damage} - Every succesful attack reduces the enemies armor by one - All d20 that were not needed to make the attack hit are rerolled and reduce the enemies health\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Without any Armor Points the creature is basically helpless and at the mercy of their enemies, being able to be killed without extra effort by them.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Only few creatures have a seperate hit point pool. If the pool is reduced to 0, the creature is killed outright, no matter how many [[Health (Armor)]] they have left.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Every creature has a number of [[Health (Armor)]] Points. These define the difficulty to hit the target with an attack.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Special enemies of higher power have additonally a pool of [[Health (Hit Points)]]. These describe an extra layer of sturdiness and provide more challenge.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Enemy Actions and Intiative} - Most regular enemies do not have their own [[initative]]. They always act {\strike last} first - Encounter are treated as one single enemy action economy wise. That means all regular enemies have one shared pool of actions they can take\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At the start of combat every player rolls a d20. The decending order of rolls determines the initative for the first round of combat. At the end of a round, the last player character in the current initative moves up in the initative and starts the next round, the rest of the initative staying the same.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Taking reactive actions}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab While you still have unused actions (so always before your turn in the current round) you are able to react to other actions being taken\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab In one instance of reactive actions being taken, you can only take a single reactive action\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab So you can\u8217't react to yourself reacting and can\u8217't react to two different actions within one reaction chain\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab By someone you: - See? - Are in range of? - Are aware of the\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab As they anounce their action, before them actually executing their action, you can react and anounce an action of your own. - You can react to other reactive actions too - Reactive actions are taken in order of type of reactive action first, reach second and the current initative order third - So: A runs, B sees A and reacts with a hit, C sees A and reacts with a speed boost, D sees B and casts a shielding effect to protect A - The current initative is A D B C - Order of reactive actions: D > (preventive) B > (preventive) A > (actual action)& C > (supportive)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Types of reactive actions: - Preventive reactive actions: takes place before the action reacted to takes place - Supportive reactive actions: takes place alongside the action reacted to - (typical) reactive actions: takes place after the action reacted to took place\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Feed Marrow} - Action Points: 4 - Type: Supportive Reactive Action (target casting a spell) - Base Stat: Intelligence - Effect: Add successes to the spells pool equal to the successes of this casting.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Guide Strike} - Action Points: 4 - Type: Supportive Reactive Action (target rolling an attack or skill challenge) - Base Stat: Intelligence - Effect: Add successes to the challenge pool equal to the successes of this casting.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Shatter Weapon} - Action Points: 8 - Type: Action - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: A weapon you touch shatters if you achieve successes in this casting equal to the weapon specific dice pool size.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Feel Sentience} - Action Points: 7 - Type: Action - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: The successes are contested by a (Feel) skill challenge by the target. If you win the contest, you know the current as well as the deepest wants and goals of the target. If referring to these feelings, the target is compliant with any reasonable suggestions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Feel Creature} - Action Points: 6 - Type: Action - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: For 1 hour a number of creatures equal to the successes are friendly to you and are able to telepathically communicate with you.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Exert} - Action Points: 4 - Type: Action - Base Stat: Intelligence - Effect: For a number of hours equal to the successes the target can move double the distance for any AP spent, is able to jump twice the distance and lift, throw and carry double the weight.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Trade Location} - Action Points: 5 - Type: Preventive Reactive Action (target rolling an attack challenge) - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: Trade places with the target of the attack and gain temporary armor points equal to the successes. The armor points vanish as soon as the current reaction chain is resolved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Accelerate} - Action Points: 2 - Type: Supportive Reactive Action (target moves) - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: The target rapidly moves in the direction it started moving for 10 feet times the number of successes. If the target would deal damage on impact it adds the same number of successes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Strike true} - Action Points: 3 - Type: Supportive Reactive Action (target rolling attack challenge) - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: The targets melee attack gains additional range of 5 feet per success.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Towards} - Action Points: 4 - Type: Action - Base Stat: Feel - Effect: Move straight towards a point on a surface within a range of 10 feet per success. You ignore effects of gravity until you move again.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Each spell specifies a base stat it is cast with.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your max dice pool size is the dice pool of the spells base stat + your marrow dice pool\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You can decide how many dice you use for the spell check, up to the max size of the dice pool.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You are considered skilled in the spell check if you are skilled in the marrow talent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Any successes of the dice pool apply to the spell effect.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The added sum of all fails of the dice pool are suffered as direct damage to hit points.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marrowing - Standard magic, uses breaking of bones to cast Letting - Unnatural magic, using only blood Harrowing - Evil magic, uses bones of dead things. Summons the evil spirit of the creature whose bones you use trying to kill you\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 up to +5/-5 on a DC\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In Opposed skill challenges all individuals taking part in the challenge roll a normal skill challenge. Successes cancel each other one to one. The winner is either the individual or group of individuals with remaining successes, or the who were challenged (meets it beats it).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A skill challenge is a dice roll made by a player/players to achieve a goal outside combat (Combat skill challenges have slightly altered rules).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To initiate a skill challenge a player has to declare an intend, a goal they want to achieve. The game master can request a skill challenge if the outcome of the attempt is uncertain.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Skill challenges should not be used for trivial actions, as they slow down the game flow and can become a hinderance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The game master determines a base attribute that fits the task and how many successes are necessary to succeed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The player may replace the dice pool of the base attribute with any other dice pool, they have available and roll that pool instead, taking possible skilled DCs into account.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Before the player leading the skill challenge rolls their dice, other players may declare to support the challenge.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To be able to do this, their characters have to be able to communicate with the character of the leading player by any means, and they have to explain how they bring in a dice pool of their own.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 e.g.: \u8220"Player 1 attempts to unlock a door without a fitting key. They are skilled in the profession\u8221"Thief\u8221", so they are able to replace the base attribute \u8220"Dexterity\u8221" with it. To support the attempt Player 2 is keeping an eye on the street to spot any possible guards coming by, bringing in their dicepool of \u8220"Awareness\u8221".\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Every player participating rolls their dice pools and determines the amount of successes. An unskilled dicepool has one success per roll that meets or exceeds 13. A 20 on a dice counts as two successes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 All successes are added together and if the number of successes is higher than the necessary number determined by the DM the challenge succeeds.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Situation: No Successes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab If there are no successes achieved there are two cases:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dice pool of size 1: The action fails completely and thouroughly and cannot be reattempted due to changing circumstances.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dice pool of size >1: The action fails spectactularly and serious consequences transpire from this failure.\sa180\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 While downed a target is laying on the ground and tripped.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 a character or creature is staggered the moment their armor points get reduced to 0 or if they take direct damage to their hit points (if they have any).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 While staggered, any movement action costs double the AP it would usually cost\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Effects get cleared at teh end of a round (except for downed)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 While tripped a target is unable to move.\par}
}
